---
layout: post
title: League of Legends LFG profile
---

## About
I'm Bee, a Spanish guy in his mid-20s. I've been playing League since season 7. I peaked at Gold III in S9, but I stopped playing ranked when my eyesight started worsening due to glaucoma during the 2020 lockdown. 

I'm having to essentially relearn the game as a legally blind player (which is not an easy task!) but I want to keep partaking in one of my favorite hobbies despite these circumstances.

I like to paint and do photography in my spare time (though, again, with some limitations), and I fiddle with low resources tech from time to time.


## Roles

**Support**: Lux, Senna, Zyra, Pyke, Neeko

**ADC**: Tristana, Kai'Sa, Vayne, Xayah, Ashe

## Playstyle

I play for early lane snowballing and focusing on macro once we have a slight advantage. I like splitpushing as an ADC and roaming as a Support, and I like queuing with people who also enjoy map-wide plays.

➕ I am adaptable. I have big champion pools and know my way around botlane combos, and when I'm confident in the matchup or my teammates I can adapt to the demands of the game very well.

➖ I am somewhat risk blind; when I play ADC I sometimes splitpush solo, forgetting how vulnerable I am to ambushes. I can have trouble playing from behind if we have a rough early, since I don't want to be a burden for the team, but kindness helps me clear my head and get back up and running.

➕ I am literally a gay trans dude and physically disabled, so I'm essentially immune to enemy shittalk and thus untiltable.
